Add documentation (#2)
hpi-epic/gpucsl: docs/Public-api.md

## pc (gpucsl/pc/pc.py)

pc(
    data: np.ndarray,
    data_distribution: DataDistribution,
    max_level: int,
    alpha=0.05,
    kernels=None,
    is_debug: bool = False,
    should_log: bool = False,
    devices: List[int] = [0],
    sync_device: int = None,
    gaussian_correlation_matrix: np.ndarray = None,
    discrete_max_memory_size=None,

> ) -> PCResult

Reviewer: Consider enclosing the code like
```
code;
```
Otherway, it is formatted quite strange in github

Author: Hmm, to be honest I wanted to reproduce the style used in the cupy docs (e.g. see https://docs.cupy.dev/en/stable/reference/generated/cupy.RawKernel.html). There it is formatted as in the final rendered file.

The idea is that the function itself is not that important, but the parameters you call it with and they are explained in a list below it.

Executes the PC algorithm.

### Parameters

> - data: The data you want to analyze  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- data: The data to analyze  
```

> - data_distribution: Either DataDistribution.DISCRETE or DataDistribution.GAUSSIAN depending on the assumed distribution of your data  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- data_distribution: Either DataDistribution.DISCRETE or DataDistribution.GAUSSIAN depending on the assumed distribution of the data  
```

> - max_level: max level until which the pc algorithm will run. Depending on the max level data will get allocated on the GPU, so you want to keep it small to avoid out of memory problems  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- max_level: max level until which the pc algorithm will run (inclusive). Depending on the max level data structures will get allocated on the GPU, so you want to keep it small to avoid out of memory problems  
```

> - alpha: Alpha value to do the statistical tests against

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- alpha: Alpha value for the statistical tests
```

- kernels: You can compile the kernels that should be used yourself and pass them to the function. Used for time measurements where the compile time should be excluded. Leave None and GPUCSL will compile the kernels for you   
- is_debug: If set to true kernels will get compiled in debug mode
- should_log: Sets a macro 'LOG' while compiling the CUDA kernels. Can be used for custom logging from kernels  

> - devices: Which gpus should be used.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- devices: Device IDs of GPUs to be used.  
```

> - sync_device: Which of the given (sync_device has to be part of devices!) should be used to sync state while using multiple gpus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- sync_device: Device ID of the GPU used for state synchronization in the multi GPU case (Notice: sync_device has to be in the devices list!)
```

  gaussian_correlation_matrix: A correlation matrix can be passed so time measurements do not inlcude the calculation. Only possible when using DataDistribution.GAUSSIAN. If None given GPUCSL calculates it itself.  

> - discrete_max_memory_size: Todo Dominik

Reviewer: @XPerianer

Reviewer 2: Done, please review ^^

Reviewer: I'm actually a little bit confused. Do I see it correctly, that you deleted `max_memory_size` parameter in `discover_skeleton_gpu_discrete`, but you still have the `discrete_max_memory_size` parameter in PC?
(along with `discrete_max_memory_size` parameter in the documentation)

### Returns

> The CPDAG that results from causal structure learning on your data, the separation sets, the maximum p values and some times regarding the execution of the pc algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CPDAG that results from causal structure learning on your data, the separation sets, the maximum p values, and time measurements for the skeleton discovery and edge orientation of the pc algorithm, as well as time measurement for the execution of the kernels.
```

### Return Value
- PCResult

## discover_skeleton_gpu_gaussian (gpucsl/pc/discover_skeleton_gaussian.py)
discover_skeleton_gpu_gaussian(skeleton: np.ndarray,
data: np.ndarray,
correlation_matrix: np.ndarray,
alpha: float,
max_level: int,
num_variables: int,
num_observations: int,
kernels: Kernels = None,
is_debug: bool = False,
should_log: bool = False,
devices: List[int] = [0],
sync_device: int = None,) -> SkeletonResult

> Does the skeleton discovery using a conditional independence test for a multivariate normal data distribution. Supports the use of multiple gpus. Just give an array with multiple entries to the devices parameter (provided your machine includes multiple gpus)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performs the skeleton discovery using a conditional independence test for a multivariate normal data distribution. Offers a multi GPU support. For that, provide an array with device IDs as the devices parameter (provided your system includes multiple GPUs)
```

### Parameters
- skeleton: A numpy array representing a fully connected graph with as many vertices as there are variables contained in data.
- data: The original data
- correlation_matrix: The correlation matrix calculated from data
- alpha: Alpha value to do the statistical tests against
- max_level: max level until which the pc algorithm will run. Depending on the max level data will get allocated on the GPU, so you want to keep it small to avoid out of memory problems  
- num_variables: The number of variables contained in data
- num_observations: How many observations every of the variables has
- kernels:  You can compile the kernels that should be used yourself and pass them to the function. Used for time measurements where the compile time should be excluded. Leave None and GPUCSL will compile the kernels for you   

> - is_debug: If set to true kernels will get compiled in debug mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- is_debug: If set to true, kernels will get compiled in debug mode
```

- should_log: Sets a macro 'LOG' while compiling the CUDA kernels. Can be used for custom logging from kernels  

> - devices: Which gpus should be used.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- devices: Device IDs of GPUs to be used.  
```

- sync_device: Which of the given (sync_device has to be part of devices!) should be used to sync state while using multiple gpus

### Returns

> A SkeletonResult wrapped into TimedReturn. This represents the resulting undirected graph, helper structures as the separation sets, that are needed for the edge orientation, and times of how long the execution took.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A SkeletonResult wrapped into TimedReturn. This represents the resulting undirected graph, helper structures as the separation sets (which are needed for the edge orientation), and execution time.
```

    should_log: bool = False,
) -> SkeletonResult

Does the skeleton discovery using a conditional independence test for a discrete data distribution.

### Parameters
- skeleton: A numpy array representing a fully connected graph with as many vertices as there are variables contained in data.
- data: The original data
- alpha: Alpha value to do the statistical tests against
- max_level: max level until which the pc algorithm will run. Depending on the max level data will get allocated on the GPU, so you want to keep it small to avoid out of memory problems  
- num_variables: The number of variables contained in data
- num_observations: How many observations every of the variables has
- max_memory_size: Todo Dominik
- kernels:  You can compile the kernels that should be used yourself and pass them to the function. Used for time measurements where the compile time should be   excluded. Leave None and GPUCSL will compile the kernels for you   
- memory_restriction: Todo Dominik
- is_debug: If set to true kernels will get compiled in debug mode
- should_log: Sets a macro 'LOG' while compiling the CUDA kernels. Can be used for custom logging from kernels  

### Returns

> A SkeletonResult wrapped into TimedReturn. This represents the resulting undirected graph, helper structures as the separation sets, that are needed for the edge orientation, and times of how long the execution took.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A SkeletonResult wrapped into TimedReturn. This represents the resulting undirected graph, helper structures as the separation sets (which are needed for the edge orientation), and execution time.
```
